Today we're excited to release a brand new
ChatGPT on web, desktop and mobile.
Now ChatGPT goes from just answering
questions to doing work for you
by connecting to all of your tools.
I can switch from chat to work
and this interface
should feel very familiar.
But instead of just having conversations,
I can hand off real work from here.
Take a look at my calendar, Slack
and Drive and help me prepare for my day.
While that's running,
let me show you plugins.
Some of them connect to the apps you use,
others bundle role-specific
workflows for sales,
data science, marketing and more.
And here we go.
It found everything
about my day, the notes
and how to prepare for my next meetings.
The next thing I want
is for this to happen
without me asking every time.
Let's try this.
Can you be my Chief of Staff
and give me a briefing every morning
of what I have to prepare for the day?
And while the World Cup is going on,
can you actually give me the scores
of the German team and any other
matches that I care about?
And that's it.
The automation is set and I don't
have to remember to ask again tomorrow.
And by the way, this also works on the go.
The same chat is already on my phone.
I can start on the web, leave
my desk and keep going on my mobile.
Now when I want ChatGPT to work
with my local files and projects,
I move to the desktop app.
On the left, I can see all
of my projects and everything ChatGPT
is working on, but this time
with all of my local files as well.
For me, this is a big shift.
I can give it the context,
hand off the work, and then come back
when it needs me or has something ready.
Let's look at something more involved.
I'm going to show you three different
examples across marketing,
data analytics and engineering.
Let's say I'm building a fictional
neobank called Hudson and we're
getting ready to launch our mobile app.
Here's the launch site.
All of these visuals were generated
using ChatGPT and image generation.
All I did was give it my logo,
my brand guidelines,
and it's incredible how
many different directions I can explore
and how consistent they
are with our brand.
The next thing I want to do is translate
this into an ad campaign.
We can now create
mood boards for what this could look like.
I can now imagine many ideas in less time
than it would take for me to explore one.
I love this takeover concept.
It looks amazing.
Next, I asked ChatGPT to turn
these into a deck to share with my team.
Beautiful. Ready for our
launch review meeting today.
Let's say we just launched the app.
Switching gears to data science, I want
to understand how it's actually going.
The metrics, the user
feedback, team conversations,
launch plans, all are in different places.
And I use ChatGPT to bring
them all together.
Since it's a data question,
ChatGPT automatically
brought in the right skills and workflows.
And this is what it came up with.
Activation rates, signups,
and even this onboarding funnel.
Here I'm using my own data store,
but your data could just as easily
live in spreadsheets or a data warehouse.
The launch looks healthy overall,
but something looks off in Mexico.
In fact, ChatGPT already flagged it and it
thinks it might be a
phone onboarding issue.
So we'll have a look at this in a moment.
I could build this into a deck and share
this with my team, but a real-life
dashboard would be much more useful.
So I asked it to pull these
metrics into this dashboard.
I can visualize it
in the in-app browser
and I can click to annotate.
Add a one-line summary
on how the launch is going.
I love collaborating with ChatGPT like
this and seeing the changes happen live.
Awesome. It looks good.
Now I want to share it with my team.
Sites is a great way to do this.
It lets me publish websites
directly from ChatGPT.
Publish this dashboard, share the link
in my team channel, and make sure
that the metrics are updated every day.
And just like that,
we have built and shared the dashboard.
Next, it's time to switch
to Codex and put my engineering hat
on to fix this mobile app issue.
If you're already a Codex user,
it's the same Codex you know and love.
Now inside of ChatGPT.
Thanks to ChatGPT, we know where to look,
but let's confirm what the customer
is actually experiencing.
I'm going to use the Simulator
and bring the app on the screen
and take an appshot by pressing Cmd-Cmd.
Review the phone onboarding in Mexico,
then in Germany to compare
and click around the main screens.
You can think of an appshot
as a smarter screenshot.
It gives it the app I'm looking at
and the context it needs
to take action on.
It's now triggering
background Computer Use.
That is not my cursor.
This is ChatGPT using my app.
When ChatGPT doesn't
have a dedicated plugin,
it can use your computer directly.
It can do the same thing
in the browser with the Chrome extension.
Copying and pasting data,
browsing sites, or checking a workflow.
It looks like customers are indeed
getting stuck when they're entering
a valid Mexican phone number.
That explains why the
activation rates are lower.
Let's also have it check
everything works great for other countries
in the background.
Now for the final step,
let's actually have it fix the problem.
Prepare a fix for the
phone number validation bug in Mexico.
And when it's ready, I can see
the diff directly within Codex,
review the changes, and publish this PR
so we can ship a new version of the app.
So this is the new ChatGPT.
One place where you
can delegate real work.
Whether that's in your apps, your
local projects, or even your
computer and browser.
There's really no task
that ChatGPT cannot help you with.
Hey Chat, I'm done with my demo.
Can you play some walkout music?
This was only a quick tour
and we can't wait to see
what you do with it.